+++
title = "LIFF SHORTS 2025 Opening Selection"
+++
Two shelf stackers at a 24/7 mega-supermarket are entrenched in the banal nature of their painfully ordinary jobs. Their imaginations fuse to provoke a jailbreak from their lives as they are transported to the retro 80s dance break of their dreams. Shawn Fitzgerald Ahern | USA | 2023 | 10 mins |
Curtis and Grace are navigating growing up and discovering a complicated adult world of influence and identity. Elegantly portraying a family's dynamic and routines, small, meaningful details come together effortlessly in a thoughtful and intimate narrative.Fenn O'Meally | UK | 2025 | 14 mins | English
When rumours spread that a young Roma boy possesses a rare gift, TV crew descends upon his home, eager to capture the miracle. Yet the rising hopes and expectations of his community collapse as his quiet talent falters under the harsh glare of media scrutiny.UK Premiere | Bálint Kenyeres | Hungary, France | 2025 | 17 mins | Hungarian
A wry look at isolation and paranoia in an upmarket Durban neighbourhood, where residents fortify their homes, hide behind intercoms, and a ‘Crime Watch’ WhatsApp group provides the last trace of human contact. The local monkeys, however, have other ideas.UK Premiere | Jethro Westraad | South Africa | 2024 | 8 mins | English
Shack Shack! Girl Band Starter Pack brings together the chaotic, raucous fun of Panic Shack and a rowdy gals night out on the Cardiff high street, with some glorious alter egos, and a smashing Mean Girls nod. Get hyped!Ren Faulkner | Wales | 2025 | 3 mins | English
Mischievous Xena must pull off a matchmaking feat in order to get the promotion of her dreams. Exquisitely styled and produced, this is a queer-as-hell, laugh-out-loud guardian angel story you haven’t seen before.Yorkshire Premiere | Ravenna Tran | UK | 2024 | 17 mins | English
An existential train ride takes a strange turn, as hand-drawn anxieties and subconscious entities take collective form. As reality and imagination unite, a single thread of immersive fear is woven through life, death and all that comes in between.Yorkshire Premiere | Jocelyn Charles | France | 2025 | 16 mins | French
