+++
title = "Leeds Music Video Competition"
strand = "LIFF Shorts"
+++
A selection of some of the best new independent music videos from the UK and around the world.
 
The playful animation style and summery sound to the music sit in glorious juxtaposition to the social commentary of the lyrics. Every inch of the visuals are packed, giving you too much to take in and inviting multiple viewings…Europe Premiere | Saerom SEO | South Korea | 2025 | 4 mins | Korean
 
It can be hard to show hope in dark spaces whilst acknowledging struggle and fear. Gun achieves that with a powerful song and a video that unites the struggle with the hope, and lets a crack of light shine through.Lado Kvataniya | Russia | 2024 | 5 mins | English
A frantic, filthy, and perfectly pitched piece that ties in band performance, projection, and unrelenting animation overlays. Short and not at all sweet, as it should be.UK Premiere | Lorenzo Gonnelli | Italy | 2024 | 2 mins | Italian
⁠Okay Kaya appeared in last year's lineup and proves her taste again in creative collaborators with this new slice of melodic weirdness: a gorgeously mind-bending stop-motion confectionery creation.World Premiere | Lou Beauchard | France, Norway | 2024 | 3 mins | English
Short, energetic and poetically dark. There is an impressive level of finesse and choreography to the searing commentary in this punchy ginger shot of an animation.Yorkshire Premiere | Alexis Beaumont | France | 2025 | 1 mins | French
Sander August Dahl directs another edition to the Honningbarna’s cinematic universe of corporate violence. Heute Ist Mein Tag will bring back that acidic taste of company-sponsored training cut with the frantic musical catharsis.Sander August Dahl | Norway | 2025 | 6 mins | Norwegian
This salve for the soul uses masterful illustrative animation to accentuate the textural nature of the track. Julie is a music video where you can hear the crunch of the Autumn leaves and smell the crayons of the dancing colour.England Premiere | Daphna Awadish Golan | USA, Netherlands | 2024 | 5 mins | English
Bringing an unexpected level of elegance and romance to a worse-for-wear morning walk home, Avalanche’s choreography and hazy morning sun cityscape will leave a twinkle in your eye.UK Premiere | Vasco Alexandre | Denmark, Germany | 2025 | 4 mins | English
When a gig flyer makes its way to a pair of rambunctious youngsters, their appetite for mayhem is satiated and boredom solved. A frenetic and playful video for troublemakers, where a grimy dive bar toilet never looked so much fun!Europe Premiere | Hunter Wayne | United States | 2024 | 3 mins | English
The art of the studio music video is alive and thriving in Lost in Space. Drenched in sumptuous reds, 70s design elements and tactility begging for some crushed velvet.Yorkshire Premiere | Rupert Höller | USA, Austria | 2024 | 4 mins | English
Clump Collective expertly bring BIG SPECIAL’s song to life in this dark and humorous video for GOD SAVE THE PONY, with the appropriate amount of absurdity, politically poetic commentary and a couple of cheeky looks from the lads.World Premiere | CLUMP Collective | UK | 2025 | 4 mins | English
A tale of troubled love told through analogue memories, greyscale fragments, the crackle of a lighter and sand in your shoe from last summer. The expired film and experimental filmmaking bring a level of texture perfectly matched to Pit Pony’s fuzz-rock.Europe Premiere | Roberto Colapietro | UK | 2025 | 5 mins | English
Shot entirely on a 27mm Panavision Primo lens (with a mysterious backstory), Ruth is a labour of love which shines through the gorgeous colours in every shot. A simple and affecting journey you’ll be charmed to be along for.International Premiere | Drey Jordan Singer | USA | 2025 | 3 mins | English
Shack Shack! Girl Band Starter Pack brings together the chaotic, raucous fun of Panic Shack and a rowdy gals night out on the Cardiff high street, with some glorious alter egos, and a smashing Mean Girls nod. Get hyped!Ren Faulkner | Wales | 2025 | 3 mins | English
In this bittersweet story of a mother and daughter taking their injured dog to the vet, our shared grief is cut with the delightfully weird experience of Alabaster De Plume inhabiting the canine loved one singing Invincibility.International Premiere | Niall Trask | UK | 2025 | 3 mins | English
Evoking some delicious early MTV editing, high colour saturation, pigs and a little Dylan reference. This belter of a video is the perfect accompaniment for the energetic music of two-piece GANS.Euan Woodman, Benji Charles | UK | 2025 | 3 mins | English
If you’ve ever thought about smashing up your office, maybe just get the Lambrini Girls in to do it for you. Company Culture brings all the punk energy and catharsis you’ve ever wanted to a bad day at work. Directed by last year’s special mention, Al Brown. UK Premiere | Al Brown | UK | 2024 | 3 mins | English
In equal parts vulnerable and confrontational, Piers Dennis’ The Deep Blue Okay video is everything SELF ESTEEM brings to her music, uncomfortably intimate, overwhelmingly powerful and undeniably awesome.Piers Dennis | UK | 2025 | 6 mins | English
