+++
title = "World Animation Competition 1"
strand = "LIFF Shorts"
+++
We love animation at LIFF and we have a whole competition dedicated to short animated wonders. This first programme includes animations from Poland, Portugal, Egypt, Germany, Finland, Ecuador, Palestine, Switzerland, Estonia, Bulgaria, and Ireland.
 
A mother and daughter connect over a Zoom call, where intergenerational perceptions of technology bring family conflicts and age-old bonds to light. With their thinking reflected on screens, can a digital space transform distance into a new kind of intimacy?England Premiere | Anastazja Naumenko | Poland | 2025 | 15 mins | Russian
Welcome to the dreamy nighttime world of apes. Unable to sleep, a man explores the hidden depths of his apartment block. With hints of comedy and the absurd, here lies a surreal landscape where those seeking connection escape from an ever-isolating reality.UK Premiere | Alexandre Sousa | Portugal, Hungary | 2025 | 12 mins | English
Through recalling personal memories of his childhood, a man explores his connection to his hair and how it has shaped his close relationships and wider life experience. Amusing and endearing in equal measure with a simple and effective visual style.Yorkshire Premiere | Sameh Alaa | France, Egypt | 2025 | 10 mins | Arabic
How do we warm ourselves up in cold times? One man ashamedly thinks a microwavable Hawaiian toastie is the answer. Detlev probes us to consider how we find solace in familiar routines. But what if that sought comfort was just on the other side of the glass?Yorkshire Premiere | Ferdinand Ehrhardt | Germany | 2024 | 13 mins | English
Weight-lifters, lovers, and fish dinners all vie for space in an apartment block. Dollhouse Elephant examines the tensions that arise when we attempt to live authentically. How we share space and adapt to ways of living are key themes in this vibrant short.England Premiere | Jenny Jokela | Finland | 2025 | 11 mins | No Dialogue
Dive into the bold blue world of How to Build a Sandcastle and find yourself swept up in an inky journey of discovery. Themes of queer exploration and self-identity make this a liberating watch, which ends in a joyful freeing feeling you won’t want to forget.Yorkshire Premiere | Nour Khamis | Ecuador, UK, Palestine | 2025 | 4 mins | English, Spanish
A young woman armed with her camera is on the hunt for the perfect subject. The use of charming stop motion animation makes the derailment of this tale felt even further, as the story takes a darker twist towards violence. Both deeply powerful and affecting.Yorkshire Premiere | Lea Favre | Switzerland | 2024 | 11 mins | French, Italian
One lone woman with a large garden goes on a journey of transformation in a delightfully mossy and green world. With notes of magical realism, this beautiful eco-fable underscores the raw allure of nature and our intrinsic connection to the natural world.Yorkshire Premiere | Helen Unt | Estonia, Bulgaria | 2024 | 11 mins | No Dialogue
Ray daydreams about how to spend his retirement once he finally has some free time. Wonderfully simple in style yet capturing a world of emotion as we delve through his list; this moving and sweet short invites us to consider how to live before the inevitable.Yorkshire Premiere | John Kelly | Ireland | 2024 | 7 mins | English
